Add memory tracker params (#1866)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/5.configurations-and-logs/1.configurations/3.graph-config.md

{{ ent.ent_begin }}

## Black box configurations

!!! enterpriseonly

    The Nebula-BBox configurations are for the Enterprise Edition only.

| Name                 | Predefined value                    | Description                              |
| :------------------- | :------------------------ | :------------------------------------------ |
|`ng_black_box_switch`    |`true`                     |Whether to enable the [Nebula-BBox](../../6.monitor-and-metrics/3.bbox/3.1.bbox.md) feature.|
|`ng_black_box_home`      |`black_box`                     |The name of the directory to store Nebula-BBox file data.|
|`ng_black_box_dump_period_seconds`    |`5`                     |The time interval for Nebula-BBox to collect metric data. Unit: Second.|
|`ng_black_box_file_lifetime_seconds`    |`1800`                     |Storage time for Nebula-BBox files generated after collecting metric data. Unit: Second.|

{{ ent.ent_end }}

## memory tracker configurations

| Name                 | Predefined value                   | Description                               |
| :------------------- | :------------------------ | :------------------------------------------ |

> |`memory_tracker_limit_ratio`    |`0.8`  | The percentage of free memory. When the free memory is lower than this value, NebulaGraph stops querying. <br/> Calculated as follows: <br/> `Free memory / (Total memory - Reserved memory)` <br/> **Note**: For clusters with a mixed-used environment, the value of `memory_tracker_limit_ratio` should be set to a **lower** value. For example, when Graphd is expected to occupy only 50% of memory, the value can be set to less than `0.5`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`memory_tracker_limit_ratio`    |`0.8`  | The percentage of free memory. When the free memory is lower than this value, NebulaGraph stops accepting queries. <br/> Calculated as follows: <br/> `Free memory / (Total memory - Reserved memory)` <br/> **Note**: For clusters with a mixed-used environment, the value of `memory_tracker_limit_ratio` should be set to a **lower** value. For example, when Graphd is expected to occupy only 50% of memory, the value can be set to less than `0.5`.|
```
